
# Pending Tasks
```dataviewjs
	dv.taskList(dv.pages('!"Templates"').file.tasks
	.where(t => !t.completed))
```

# Notes

## 8:00 - United Chevy

- FTC box had been plugged in when I got there.
- Printer had lost it's IP, re IP'd printer and it started spooling old print jobs instantly
	- Tested on corey's laptop and it printed will confirm with other techs before I leave site.
	- Other techs printed test pages before I left
	- Tool room printer set to 10.27.80.205 (this is what its sticker says)
- MDI issue seems to be related to them both needing to be connected the same way
	- mdi software can see MDI's on wifi but not when hard wired
	- MDI software couldn't see over wired even when static IP'd to the wireless subnet
		- laptops were able to see them/ping them the whole time

## Carol - Hacked 3:30
- Someone's got a dump of their members from the Power church plus software most likely. 
- Advised that I was following up just to do our due diligence and make sure that we didn't over look anything in our assessment. 
- Asked if the texts were coming directly from the pastors number or not. 
- Carol indicated that they were from an unknown number posing as him. 
- Asked about possible databases that would contain all these numbers
- Asked how they access this database/program (Locally or web app)
- Carol indicated it was a hosted web service
- Asked how many users have access to program
- Carol said they only access it on two computers with two accounts, and one was having issues with popups. 
- Advised we could look at that PC if they wanted to make sure there were no other indicators of compromise and install a popup blocker for her but that it would be billable. 
- Carol seemed comfortable with the situation and changing the passwords on their software. 
- I asked her to ask their administrator to check access logs for anything suspicious ip/country wise. 
- Advised we could help check their admin portal to see if these logs exist or not.
- Advised if we could determine if they were accessed through a compromised password we would know which account (and possibly computer) had been compromised.
- If logs exists and no suspicious access appears that is an indicator of a local (computer) intrusion or a possible vulnerability in their hosted software.
- Carl also seemed a little sketched out that I was calling her back to follow up on this after Eric already called her.