
# Pending Tasks
```dataviewjs
	dv.taskList(dv.pages('!"Templates"').file.tasks
	.where(t => !t.completed))
```

# Notes


## 8:00 AM 9:30AM City server migration

- Onsite for city server cutover
- No issues on city side
- Had to re point chief/Julie as I had them manually set with host entries to hop across the tunnel before we moved it


## Setup for Mortimer CPA

Pre onsite setup of server and UDMs.

- Added udms to our managment portal as Mortimer CPA Home 1 and Mortimer CPA Home 2.
- Did firmware updates on both devices and added their corporate wifi info to the udms so their work laptops would connect automatically. 
- Updated server and confirmed raid was configured properly
- Installed remote access services on server
- Added our agent to server

## John Deere Laptop ~4 hours of labor

- 32 bit laptop with win7 running proprietary software that needs to be moved in tact.
- Having issues getting the new laptop to take a 32bit OS
- Imaged old laptop and did in place upgrade to win10
- Software wouldn't work on win10 after in place upgrade. Unsure if it's OS compatibility or broken from in place. 
- Customer doesn't have access to origional software or licensing 
- Customer brought data cable in for testing
- Virtualizing the old laptop and setting the two new ones up with hyper-v images.
- Customer will need to agree to purchase licensing for https://www.incentivespro.com/purchase-usb-redirector.html for the USB pasthrough. $74.99 per PC.
- Not sure there's any other workable solutions to keep customer from having to buy software again.
- Proof of concept working on server.
	- USB passthrough working and cable detected
- Discovered this morning that there is a time server hack in place to keep the trial fucntional for the software
- Need to re do the images to not mess with the time server to keep the software working